Feature/refactoring (#98)
stakewise/helm-charts: charts/operator/README.md

"hashicorp" has been added to your repositories
$ helm repo add stakewise https://charts.stakewise.io

$ helm repo update

$ helm upgrade --install operator stakewise/operator \
  --namespace operator \
  --set geth.enabled=true \
  --set key=value... 
```

> **Please see the options supported in the `values.yaml` file.** And the full documentation at https://docs.stakewise.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please see the options supported in the `values.yaml` file.** The full documentation is available at https://docs.stakewise.io/node-operator/stakewise-infra-package/usage
```
